Hello and welcome back to the course on Tablo into this Tauriel we're starting a brand new challenge
which will be solving in this section of the course.
All right so let's look at the brief.
All right.
You are a daughter a scientist working for a laundry pick up services start up called we watch you sleep.
This is a relatively small company and they cannot compete with the big players in major cities.
The company's strategy is to build a vast network in the smaller cities.
So we wash you sleep already had a strong presence in 140 locations and recently opened stores in 10
new cities.
Additionally the company has two separate sales regions.
Some just some additional information on top of everything else you have been assigned to analytics
tasks.
Number one identify which of the two cells regions is performing better.
IEEE outperforms the other in two of the three metrics average revenue per city average marketing spend
per serialist is better obviously an average of Romey Romey says for return on marketing investment
per CD and that is revenue divided by marketing spend and Challenge number two or analytics task number
to identify which of the 10 locations have the best potential for the company to invest more funds into
marketing.
All right so let's talk about this for a second before we proceed to the data sets.
So this company we watch you sleep is a startup one of those startups where or companies where they
come to your house you give them the laundry they take away they wash it and they come back on the next
day.
So basically it's all done.
It can even be done in the morning if you need very urgently.
It takes like a day or two.
And they bring back your laundry and that's it.
So you don't even have to have a washing machine don't have to have a dryer.
It's it's convenient service so I've used one of those when I was in the U.S. traveling.
Very convenient.
And I know there's some in large cities like I use one in San Francisco.
I don't know about the smaller cities.
So what this company is doing is obviously is a start up you can't compete with big companies like that
that are established in the mall where you can.
But it's tough.
What their strategy is a bit different.
So speaking of strategies this strategy what they could be aiming towards is they would create this
network in the smaller cities and the cities aren't that small.
They're like hundred thousand 200000 300000 people in population.
So they will create a network in those cities.
And then when the bigger companies because it is kind of a new industry where the bigger companies expand
into the smaller cities what this company could do is they could potentially look to be acquired some.
So that is a valid strategy for a company as well to create a network in smaller cities where the big
company comes there is sort of doing everything from scratch they can just buy this smaller company
and rebranded.
And so that could be the reason while that why they're doing this or maybe they could be other reasons.
So basically this is what's happening there in 104 locations are expanding to 10 new cities and now
they have two separate sales what they call two separate sales regions and they're competing with each
other.
So that's also not strategy where you split your company to two and two geographies and then they have
to compete.
So which one outperforms the other guests like bonuses and stuff like that.
So that's an important thing.
So that's they want to find out some metrics there.
And number two is this is probably the more important part of the challenge in the 10 new series.
They want to know which ones are best positioned to get that additional marketing funding.
So if you put that market funding into marketing then you get more water in your investments so that's
what we're going to be researching.
In part 2.
All right.
So that's the challenge.
Hopefully all makes sense.
Pretty exciting.
And where do you get the data set.
Well to get the data set we need a browser.
And as usual we need to go to that super dollar signs dot com slash Tablo scroll down here you'll find
Section 8.
So in this section we've got a startup expansion excel file and U.S. cities population CXXVI file.
Let's have a look at them.
So here's the startup expansion file.
And in this file what we have is the store Id or you should probably say location ID or city ID.
This is where the 150 stores or 150 cities where the company works.
That's those are.
They're just basically abro I.D. in this data set city is the actual city where the company is operating.
State of that city is actually quite important column because for many reasons but also because sometimes
you might get cities that you don't know which state they're in because there might be a city or several
cities with that name in the U.S. So it's also always important to city and state it's like kind of
like Month and Year right.
So you might know which month but you don't know each year so that might be a problem.
So it's always important to know the exact geography or be specific and we'll see an example of that
in the section.
Then the sales region so as you can see they're divided by regions.
So they basically divided by states some states are in the region too.
Some states are in region one right now it's called quite ambiguous.
You can't really tell how it looks on the map but once we create the map it'll seem pretty interesting
how they've divided into two cells regions.
Next we've got a new expansion.
So is this a new city or not.
Basically they're all old except for the bottom 10 which makes sense right.
So they got added at the bottom and then we've got the marketing spend how much wasn't missing to market
and revenue.
And so by the way in in this specific challenge it's interesting how or something to note is that Romey
a return marketing investment is called good revenue divide marketing spend sometimes Romey this metric
is Calcott as profit divided by marketing spend so be careful.
Like it depends on the situation or it depends on the definition.
In this case it's revenue to my liking spend and then we've got another file you as city's population.
So basically it's a file with half the population of the top 300 U.S. cities.
They're actually more than 300 U.S. cities up to here.
A quick hint.
All of our cities the ones we're looking at these ones here they're actually part of this top 300 So
they're there in here and we will have the population information on those cities from here so that
you don't need to worry about that as long as we have.
This file will have the population will be using column 215 estimates so there's a 2010 actual census
data.
2015 is an estimate but we'll be working with this because it's more recent.
And then there's some additional information but that's just an example of when you have additional
information that you won't be using in your analysis although based on the things you learn in this
section of the course you can definitely experiment with this additional information and see if that
might somehow affect your cluster analysis and stuff like that so that's also just to get some extra
data in case you want to play around.
All right so there you go.
That's what we have for the section.
We've got two data files and we have our challenge for this part of the Course is going to be a very
exciting Tauriel we're going to talk about some cool analytics So this first part is going to be all
about geographies and mapping.
The second part is going to delve into some more advanced stuff.
You talk about clustering and we're also going to talk about trends or building forecasts or actually
like models or regression models.
On top of clustering and then we'll also talk about cross data said Joines and a few other things so
exciting challenge ahead exciting section ahead.
I look forward to seeing you on the tutorials throughout this section and until next time have analyzing.